Good morning, family.
I have a heavy word to give today.
I made the recording whenever I was in the spirit and what the Lord showed me, but after watching it back, I really want to get across how heavy this word really was.
You know when you watch old World War II movies and how heavy those movies were?
The Jewish people being taken into concentration camps, that heavy vibe, people suffering, people going through trials from the Nazis, and all that was going on in World War II.
It was a very hard time in world history.
Whenever I'm praying and seeing over, and the Lord's showing me in a vision, the heaviness of what He showed me is...
I'm trying to let you be able to relate to it.
It's that heaviness when you see pictures of people during the Great Depression and how they look very somber and how they don't have a lot of joy on their face.
It's just a heavy time—the Great Depression, the way everybody was.
It was just intense.
So whenever you're seeing over in the spirit, you're seeing this stuff and the outpouring, and you're trying to decipher and put it into words in the natural what you're seeing in the spirit.
You don't want to add anything to it and you don't want to take anything away.
I want to convey what I saw so that you're able to get the message that I saw in the spirit.
Like I said, you don't want to add your opinion to it.
He said, 'Brandon, there is a great shaking coming.
You have to warn My people.
What is about to take place is not Me departing.
It is not a departing.
' He said, 'Many will call this, Brandon, an Ichabod.
' He told me, 'They will call this the Great Ichabod, but it is not an Ichabod.
' He said, 'I am going to shake the church, I'm going to shake America, I'm going to shake the world.
' He said there is a massive Refiner's Fire that is going to take place upon the world because My bride and My people are asleep.
And He said in this Refiner's Fire, 'You will go through a desert season.
It will feel like a desert season.
It will feel that I have abandoned you for what's coming, America.
It will feel that I have deserted you.
' And then He kept using the word Ichabod.
It's going to feel like an Ichabod.
I had no idea what that word means, but He said it will feel that there's a great Ichabod upon the land.
He said, 'But I have not abandoned you.
I have not forsaken you.
I'm just in this time of a test.
' He said there's going to be a time of testing, and He said in this test, 'You do not speak to the students when they're going through the test.
' But there is a remnant of people that woke up with the last round of the wave that came—the first wave of COVID.
He said there was a great wave that came and a lot of people woke up during that, but it was a small percentage.
He said, 'Son, if you've already passed the test and you're already awake through the Refiner's Fire, you don't go through it again because you're awake.
' But just like the children of Israel, whenever they put the blood on the door and the death angel passed through, He said they could hear the wails and the cries of the people that were going through the judgment of what was happening on Egypt.
But this will not be a judgment; this is a shaking.
It is an awakening that's about to happen.
He said, 'Yes, you will be in amongst the people and you will see all the stuff going on, but it does not have to affect you in your house if you're awake.
' He said, 'Don't let the fear of what's going on get inside of you, for I'm awakening the church, I'm awakening the people.
' Many people are going to get mad and say, 'God's judgment, all it's Ichabod.
' Like this word Ichabod, you're going to feel this way, that He's departed from America and from the earth.
It's going to be a great shaking.
But in this, He said, 'The people that are awake, you will be the salt and the light.
' He said they will come to you and you'll have a sense of instruction to encourage them and tell them it's going to be okay.
On the other side of this Ichabod, what you feel is an Ichabod, I saw a great, glorious church.
After that shaking happens, they will rise up out of this Potter's wheel, this pressure from the Potter's wheel.
They will rise up out of that.
When they go through the fire, it will be like a glazed church.
It will be the shiny pot that He desires it to be.
There is a great revival coming, but it will come through great pressure and great pain to the flesh, to your mind, will, and emotions.
It makes you grow.
He brought up to me that it will be like a caterpillar in a cocoon.
If you take and you would slice open that cocoon and help that butterfly out, it never develops.
It never gets to strengthen its wings to fly.
It will stay there dormant and not become anything.
But if you let that pressure of that cocoon on that butterfly keep pushing, when he gets out of that cocoon, he becomes a beautiful thing and it flies.
It was through the pressure through that cocoon that made that butterfly who it was.
But if you remove that cocoon, that butterfly is dwarfed and it never becomes what it's supposed to be.
And that's what it's going to be for you.
You're going to go through some pressure, through some hard times where you think you can't even get through it.
You're going to think God abandoned you, but God has not abandoned you.
Through that cocoon, you will become the beautiful butterfly that God has called you to be.
It may look like it's not going to get over; it may look like things are falling apart, but you keep pushing, you keep stretching, you keep moving your wings.
In that pressure, that pressure is what's going to create that beautiful pot, that beautiful butterfly coming out of that cocoon.
Many people are living in sin, many people are living in compromise, and you say, 'Oh, the grace message,' or, 'God would never let this happen to me, we're going in the Rapture.
' But God said He's coming back for a pure bride without spot or wrinkle.
I'm telling you, there is going to be a great shaking take place.
Not only for America—I've seen this, and yes it will be for the world—but He speaks to me prophetically for America.
He told me it will feel, in this place where we've always been spoiled, 'I've abandoned you for what's about to happen.
It will feel that you are in an Ichabod.
' But He said, 'I have not left you.
' And I keep rehearsing that: 'I have not left you, son.
' He said when you're going through a major test, the teacher and the principal are silent.
They're silent in the test until you pass the test, and then I'll tell you your grade.
It will be like that for what's coming.
I know this might be a heavy word, but you need to hear it.
There is a second wave about to take place.
I believe whatever this is, it's financial.
He showed me that those that are listening to Me, those that are awake, are going to hear Me and take heed to what I'm saying to prepare.
But if you are watching this video and you're awake, you better be praying in the spirit, seeking Him with prayer and fasting, listening to His voice, because there are very hard days, very sobering days coming to a lot of people.
They're going to feel like there's an Ichabod on their life.
But there will be a people that press into Him.
I can tell you from experience, there would be times whenever I was going through my Refiner's Fire that I thought God had left.
There were such hard times.
I remember driving home from work and saying, 'God, why are you silent?
Where have you gone?
' But He would always encourage me and give me that tug inside of my spirit to say, 'I'm still there, Brandon.
' On the other side of the pressure and the pain, it's going to be beautiful for you.
But if I remove that cocoon off of your life, buddy, you're never going to develop into who I've called you to be.
So in the pressure of the Potter's wheel, you've got to just say, 'God, not my will but Yours be done.
' Do everything you can in your life without grumbling and complaining.
Father, I choose to worship You today.
When Joseph was doing everything he could to follow the Lord, he fled from the woman trying to have a relationship with him in adultery.
He fled and took his coat off.
But because of her falsely accusing him, he was thrown in prison.
In that, he refused to curse God.
He still worshiped Him in that pressure of that Refiner's Fire, and that pressure lasted for years.
He knew the promise.
There was a process for Joseph all throughout his story: sold into slavery, thrown into prison, then he interpreted the dream.
He didn't know that in ten hours there was going to be a great turnaround and he would be second in command of all Egypt.
In that process of his Refiner's Fire, God promoted him and made him great.
I think people don't realize until you are tested, you're never able to stand in a place of authority and great blessing.
The power of the pressure on a coal makes that diamond great.
In this pressure that's coming, in this Refiner's Fire, in what many will call the Ichabod, you have got to push into Him.
If you're watching this video and the Refiner's Fire is taking place right now, keep pressing.
Don't give up.
It's going to get better on the other side of the cocoon.
This week has been very challenging.
I'm still growing myself, y'all.
I'm still a work in progress, just like you all, learning how to go in ministry.
It's still my Potter's wheel.
I'm hearing the Lord and what He's instructing me to tell you.
It's not easy to give you these kind of words, but the Lord puts His thumb on me like this and says, 'You're going to tell My people what I'm telling you and you're not going to shy away from it.
' I'm just trying to warn you about what's coming.
If you're awake, you already know.
He's probably already instructed you for provisions for your family, how to prepare.
This word is a confirmation to what He's already told you.
I never come on here to tell you fear, but I come on here to shake you and tell you to wake up.
It hasn't happened yet.
A Refiner's Fire is not easy.
It's very uncomfortable.
When He said that to me about the Ichabod, it really shook me because I didn't know what Ichabod even meant.
Then I told my wife, and she read it to me in the Bible.
It means there is no glory, basically that God departed.
He said many will call this a great Ichabod.
That sounds very heavy.
Jesus is coming, you all, but there's still a pressure coming to the church.
Father, I just thank You for Your people.
I thank You, Lord, that I've been obedient.
I'm warning the people that what's about to happen to the world around America...
yeah, there's good days ahead for some to tell people about Jesus, but this is going to be a time of sackcloth and ashes.
He'll tell you where to put your money, how to shelter your finances.
There are some of you on my YouTube channel that are very wealthy; you won't lose your wealth.
You can line yourself up with Him and He always protects His people.
My sheep will know My voice.
If you seek Him, you will find Him.
I feel His presence.
In His presence, there's fullness of joy, fullness of peace.
His peace passes all understanding.
Peace like a river.
Hallelujah.
In the stillness, You are there.
In the quiet place, You are there.
Oh, humility, oh the people.
Have mercy, oh God.
As one crying in the wilderness, Father, for what is coming.
Have mercy, but not our will but Yours be done.
Everything is going to be okay, Body of Christ.
I've got more praying to do, but I just want to say thank you for watching.
I appreciate all your support.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much.
We'll see you next time.
Bye-bye.